---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
vitamins: true
dry day: false
---
**09:52**
Low and behold, a new day. I've given myself about 10 minutes to write here, so I would like to make an attempt and do just that.

Of course, then I deviate to clear out my inbox, but so it goes. I guess that sort of thing is my bag, baby. It feels more gratuitous to just knock out fluff words when I'm typing versus when I'm journaling. Boy do my hands cramp though.

We've been making good progress with the [[Kitchen Build]], still feels like there's so far to go. And really don't think I've come to full terms with the fact that we're going to be displaced for two whole months. We hadn't even taken off for Arizona by this point two months ago. Fuck. This will be a challenge for us, to say the least. A self-imposed one, sure. I really just hope this thing is worth it. We're spending a significant amount of money. We're gonna be cramped up in an AirBnb. I will definitely be making use of coffee shops throughout the city.






## General To-Dos
- [x] Lower 529 rate
- [x] Cancel Netflix
- [x] Read MUSIC X ai article https://musicx.substack.com/p/ai-is-a-people-problem-portrait-xo
- [ ] cancel Stallion
- [ ] Read welcome packet: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rc8fyb5_bwl3-sza3-1Mbrpnf6XZGaPd?usp=drive_link



---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.