---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
dry day: true
---
**09:25**
Alright, the time stamp worked! Finished day one of sobriety. I know I shouldn't be treating that as some great accomplishment, more just a bit surprising/disappointing that it's been so long since I had a sober day. 

**09:39**
I need to start on my prep for [[Jan 2026 Set]] again, today I want to see how many modules I'm currently using and whether that will fit into my tiptop case. Ideally I'm only using that and my laptop, I really would prefer not to bring the whole dang thing. This would also be my first time incorporating the laptop, although in theory if I'm bringing that, why wouldn't I just bring the digitakt instead? I guess the idea is that I could use the plugins for effects, rather than bringing my whole pedal set up. I dunno, things to consider I guess.








## General To-Dos
- [x] Synthesize Hegel podcast
- [x] Determine tiptop set up
- [x] 



---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.