---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
dry day:
vitamins: true
---
**09:07**
Well hello there. Been a minute etc etc. It's not as though I wasn't being productive this week, and I've even been opening up Obsidian. But the main focus (outside of work with Masterworks) has been the [[Jan 2026 Set]] which happened last Friday. It went great, definitely the largest crowd I've played since... Haverfest? Which obviously didn't actually count. A bit bigger than the 3 people who came out last October. It really does pay to 1) have a guy as a apparently connected as Keegan is and 2) to have dance music, or you know, any genre that people actually want to listen to.

There were parts of the night I did feel a bit sad, to be honest-- not because of anything with the music, just feeling very much that a part of my life was very much gone. So many young people, so many attractive people, with the main concern of the night being "where am I going next"? I'm not saying that I want that all the time, it's just funny to be reminded of how much my life is constrained by my child, my responsibilities.

It was like seeing a ghost, a specter of a life that I don't participate in anymore.




## General To-Dos
- [ ] Insert to-do here



---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.