---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
dry day: true
---
**16:59**
It's funny, one of the things I think I haven't touched on here at all is my fitness hobby. I'm by no means a buff, but I do think that fitness might take up the most time of all my hobbies. I had a good routine with Hector up until last spring, and I admit I haven't been looking for **gains** per se over the last few months. But I can still lift a considerable amount, and it's certainly a grounding practice. Now that we're about to be kicked out of the house for a month for the [[Kitchen Build]] , I imagine I'll be spending even more time at the gym. Usually it's lifting weights, but during the winter I tend to kind of half-ass it on the elliptical, or maybe get in a mile at most on the treadmill. It was a nice discovery that my apple watch can connect to those machines, maybe it'll motivate me or something, I don't know.

I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'd like to be a bit more intentional about it this year. I do have an Excel sheet for tracking my progress on chest press, squats, and deadlift, but maybe it'd be good to have an actual goal in mind. Combining that with my goals with the nutritionist for lower cholesterol would be ideal as well. Again, I really don't want to go overboard with this. I know how New Years resolutions go, I'm just try ing be a bit healthier, and a bit more intentional about it. 

#health
#fitness







## General To-Dos
[ ] - Move back appointment with nutritionist
- [x] Move back appointment with nutritionist
- [x] Select multivitamin


---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.