---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
dry day: false
vitamins: true
---
**01:46**
That was when I put the to do in

**09:15**
Hi! It's Friday. Last official day of non-PTO. It has still felt like a semi-restorative week, even with all the packing. Some variant of the "code by morning, lift boxes by afternoon" type ideal job. I've been planning out my day, want to head to the Container Store soon, pick up some greenery as well. I did in fact have one beer last night, feel a bit guilty about it but I also was feeling extremely shaken up by the ICE murder. I know I need to cut back on my social media diet. But are those really my only options? Be tuned in to the world and feel the pain and sufffering, or ignore it and live in a bubble? I am no revolutionary, I know that, but there's gotta be something more.

Ugh, I dunno. Just was feeling weltschmerz I guess.

**12:41**
Vibe coding a website for Metronome, let's see how it goes.





## General To-Dos
- [x] Create lock codes for kitchen crews



---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.