---
type: daily
status: active
date: 2025-12-13
tags:
  - daily
---
My mom's sick in the hospital. My dog's dying. My dad is incapable of mitigating his mobility issues. How the fuck am I supposed to juggle all this. I feel like I'm starting to drown. The most proactive thing I can do is decide when I'm going to put down my dog.

I know I'm in the sandwich generation, yada yada, but this feels untenable. Yes, we're going to put Titus down. One thing off the fucking list I guess. I'm fucked up about it, Audrey more so. And then what? Just wait to see which one of my parents wins the deterioration race? The fact that I even have a preferred winner is sickening. I don't want to do deal with my dad post-mom. I don't. I really don't. But my mom just had a seizure after a stomach bug(?) and I am just waiting for more bad news.

I still will never forgive them for the way the brushed under the rug the whole "delirium tremens" thing. How "not another drop" and "I'm sober now" were just completely fucking meaningless. I'm not saying these things are directly related, but it's just emblematic of the way they treat their health issues. "Welp, I said the words, and they felt good, so mission accomplished." Even now, my mom talking to to Audrey about how this is a "24 hour bug," like it's something she could name and therefore could treat it.

I'm glad Rob's coming down, I just don't know what to fucking do anymore. And maybe that's the thing, so much of this the fact is there is nothing to do. But my dad's a terrible communicator. My mom's an unreliable prisoner. They don't really want help.

I'm really struggling.





## General To-Dos
- [x] Cancel dashpass
- [x] put in expenses
- [x] 



---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.