---
type: daily
status: active
date: 2025-12-10
tags:
  - daily
---
## You whispered to make a sound
Sorry that's just what I'm listening to. Hey. On the train to new york, trying to keep this thing up. I know it's no Artists Way. Three pages, single spaced, that was wild. Maybe I'll get back into that at some point. God, my hand used to cramp like mfer.

Meeting up with [[Celestine Manno]] tonight, should be fun. Audrey and I had a decent conversation on the build last night, trying to get things moving. It's feeling again like there are just so many things to juggle, my creative practice has definitely fallen off as a result. And my physical health. I did get a massage yesterday, that was restorative. But mostly spent my off hours doing laundry and dishes.





## General To-Dos
- [x] Send Christmas list out to family (from Pinterest) https://www.pinterest.com/artiForest/efg/x-mas-2025/
- [ ] Build budgeting set up for the [[Kitchen Build]] project
- [x] pay Jane
- [x] set up lunch plans with Che
- [x] call Shamrock Medicine
- [x] 


---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.