---
type: daily
status: done
date: 2025-12-04
tags:
  - daily
  - "#parenting"
  - "#masterworks"
---
Alas! A daily note. I called it a personal one, maybe sometimes it will be personal, sometimes it won't.

I have all this crap below, it's already feeling a bit distracting, I wonder if I can move it.

So what's the point of a daily note? To call out what I need to do today? What I'm thinking about?

Let's start with what I'm thinking about. I'm *tired*. We've been trying night time potty training, and it's...not going great. I guess that's to be expected. We try to do a pee at bedtime, another right before we go to bed, then one at 2... and he still peed the bed after that. I feel bad, it's frustrating for us, must be tough for him! So he woke us up at 5:30, was mad at me for...not being Mommy. Then after I changed him and put a towel over the pee spot, he wanted to get up and take a shit, then was mad at me for trying to wipe his butt. Toddler problems, right?

I'm just tired, which is unfortunately, since it's a long day ahead of me. Hopefully not insane at work, we just have the office party coming up, then it's a late night, my train won't get back until close to midnight. Then I have to present to the German team on [[Anastasia Kobekina]] tomorrow morning, because they ditched their own meeting last week. That analysis wasn't Copilot-driven (minus the comparisons to [[Yo-Yo Ma]]) which is probably for the best, but it does incorporate the [[Stickiness Metrics]] metric we're trying to make more of a thing. I think that's going to be a larger project effort, let's call it [[stickability forecasting project]] for now. 

Ok, just switched over to make that project, I made the "Creative Work" section "Projects", I like this approach because then this document doesn't become a whole blob of a mess.

So yeah, just tired, a bit headachey (martini, white wine), but I do like having this time on the train to get this done. 

To Do List For Today
- [x] Clean up some of the python notes
- [x] Draft email for Sarah/Mark
- [x] Confirm timing with Celestine on our meeting
- [x] Caffeinate
- [x] Have a glass of water between each drink at the holiday party
- [x] 


---

## Capture
- [x] New fleeting note: [[Fleeting Notes Template]] → `70_Fleeting Notes/`
- [x] Links/prompts to move out of `70_` later today



## Writing
- Drafts or outputs in `40_Creative Work/`
- Permanent note(s) in `60_Permanent Notes/`
- Concepts to touch up in `10-Concepts/`

## Log
- Quick bullets on what happened/what you noticed

## End of day review
- [x] Promote anything lingering in Capture
- [x] Park tomorrow’s focus + links
