---
type: daily
status: active
date: 2025-12-08
tags:
  - daily
---
Monday Monring. Pretty tired. Went to bed later than ideal, but I guess so did Ezzie.

Man, tough day with my folks, yet again. I don't know, I'm not sure if I'm trying to use this as a pure journal. What concepts would I want to tie it back to? I guess there's something to be said about [[intentional community]] but in reality, this is just me being incredibly disappointed in my parents. Both in the way that they choose to engage as grandparents, but fundamentally about the decisions (or non-decisions) that they make out of stubbornness that have led them to a position where they're miserable and unfit.

Sigh, I don't know why I expect any different. But here's the scenario. We get to the house, my dad has a black eye, or what's left of a black eye. Had a major fall, didn't feel the need to tell us. Starts wailing at Ezzie to hug him like it's a requirement. Ezzie is reasonably avoidant / shy. Sits on the couch, whines about how uncomfortable it is to be on the couch. Doesn't leave the couch, says "there are no other options." Yells at my mom when he wants to get off the couch and she doesn't do it within 5 seconds.

Says he's up for going to the market. My mom expresses difficulty with walking to the market, takes a seat at the bench. She encourages my dad to walk over with us, he complains she 'kicked him out'. He spends all of 3 minutes with us before huffing back saying "I need to go check on mom". Mom calls me 10 minutes later, and it turns out he left her! Just stormed back home, left with Ezra's snacks. I talk to my mom, she's a fucking prisoner. She's upset, but keeps saying "I can't solve it" like I'm asking her to solve it.

Man, it is helpful to write it out just to see how fucking pathetic it is. I don't know why I expect any different.





## General To-Dos
- [x] check in on chainsaw man forecast (2 weeks)
- [x] List out the current filters for the Chartmetric a&R rising preset
- [x] Propose new genres and filter, threshold
- [x] update soundtrack and rights tables
- [x] set up meeting with Brian Denu (and others)



---
## Capture
- [x] New fleeting note: [[Fleeting Notes Template]] → `70_Fleeting Notes/`
- [x] Links/prompts to move out of `70_` later today

## Reading
- Source → note in `50_Literature Notes/`
- Key takeaway in your own words
- Link at least one concept: [[10-Concepts/<concept>]]

## Writing
- Drafts or outputs in `40_Creative Work/`
- Permanent note(s) in `60_Permanent Notes/`
- Concepts to touch up in `10-Concepts/`

## Log
- Quick bullets on what happened/what you noticed

## End of day review
- [x] Promote anything lingering in Capture
- [x] Park tomorrow’s focus + links
