---
type: daily
status: active
date: 2025-12-09
tags:
  - daily
---
# cut me some slack!
Sigh, been pretty snippy last night and this morning. Audrey has been extra nitpicky and I’ve really lost my patience. I broke two glasses this morning and her gripe was that I put the broken glass in the wrong container. Like it even fucking matters to Philly trash. I’m just trying to get the floor cleared and safe for our kid. 

Maybe it’s something else that’s bothering me I don’t know. But I feel like I’ve really been making an effort to cut her some slack, and I’m not being afforded the same. And for stupid stuff! Gummy bears in the trash? Glass in the recycling? Give me a break. 

# after peeing into a cup at labcorp
It was nice to play with the Digitakt on the ride home yesterday, good to switch into that brain. Of course I was obsessing over the mono-ness of it all, but I do think it should be seen as a sketch pad just as much as it can be a performance tool. 





## General To-Dos
- [x] Calm down / reset 
- [x] Move my body
- [x] Have build conversation with Audrey
- [x] Send approved notes to Bill and Linda



---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="[[Personal/60_Permanent Notes/_guide|_guide]]" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.