---
type: daily
status: active
date: 2025-12-17
tags:
  - daily
---
One more day. Lap of Love come tomorrow. I don't know how I'm going to be. It all feels so mundane. So predetermined. So hopeless. I couldn't sleep last night, thinking about how we're going to communicate it to people. Realizing that it's a bit weird to say "We're putting him down *tomorrow*", that we have to wait until its done to say "Titus is no longer with us." Even though it's an active thing we're doing. Part of me selfishly wanted him to pass last night. There was a point where I couldn't hear his breathing and thought "Is he going to be able to do this on his own?" But no. His breathing was more belabored, to be sure. More constrained. Less of the comically loud snores he's done in the past. I'm going to miss those snores. I made a preset on my white noise app specifically to account for his snores, his slurps. Yes, they were gross. But for a dog that wasn't the most effusive in his later years, these were personality traits nonetheless.

Rob sent over some photos and videos. It was a bit disappointing, most of them seemed to be photos I had taken. But one that stuck with me was the one of him **bolting** down the stairs for a walk, presumably after I had gotten home from work or a run. The fervor he had, his extreme anxiety channeled into pure joy and excitement to get outside. I guess since we've moved to Philly, especially after Ezra, there hasn't been the imperative to take him outside (he probably already peed somewhere in the house) so we mostly just get the anxiety and have to wait for him to calm down.

I know I didn't get him as a puppy, but those days were the closest I had to him having puppy energy. And yes, he still slept more often than he was awake, but he was more of a **dog** then too. I'm still not sure I am fully processing what this is going to do to me, but right now I'm trying to remind myself of the feelings I had leading up to this. That we felt bad for him being second fiddle since Ezra was born. That even though we've given him the medical attention ($) he needed, that we haven't been able to be as present as pet owners as we used to be in the past. I am avoiding those dog mom/dog dad terms, they're stupid and childish. He was our pet, and that is a special relationship in itself. And I feel bad for not meeting my end of the bargain in recent years. I get more easily frustrated with him. Barely even took him to the dog park, though he wasn't really showing much interest down here. Tried to get him outside here and there, and yeah he was already slowing down, but it wasn't nearly as much as we did in the past.

I dunno, this is an ongoing conversation I guess. Wanted to get some thoughts down. Last day in the city before the long break. I think it'll be good for us to have that time.





## General To-Dos
- [x] Resolve this SAMIS stuff about Home Alone
- [x] Set



---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.