---
type: daily
status: active
date: 2025-12-15
tags:
  - daily
---
Another day another dollar. Train late. Trying to make use of the time by going back to data camp and finding better ways to use [[K Nearest Neighbors]]  [[Machine Learning (MOC)]]

This section on data sparsity is helpful, since I imagine a lot of the gracenote data will be incomplete
- Matrix factorization - Matrix factorization is when we decompose the user-rating matrix into the product of two lower dimensionality matrices. These matrices shown here are factors of the original matrix on the left, if you were to find the product of the two of them it would be this original matrix. By finding factors of the sparse matrix and then multiplying them together.
- Matrix multiplication: Correct! The output matrix takes the number of rows from the first matrix and the number of columns from the second. The inner two dimensions must equal each other, but they do not impact the final size of the matrix. This will become important in the next lesson as you find matrices' factors.

factor - Numbers we can multiply together to get another number.
product - result of numbers multiplied together
##  Latent features

These are the features that the matrix factorization view as mathematically the best ways to describe or sum up this dataset in the least number of features.





## General To-Dos
- [x] One
- [x] Two



---
## 📥 Processing Queue (pick 1! it won't hurt)
```dataview 
TABLE without id file.link as "Note", file.folder as "Location" FROM "Personal/70_Fleeting Notes" OR "Personal/50_Literature Notes" WHERE !contains(file.tags, "#done") AND !contains(file.tags, "#processed") AND status != "done" AND status != "processed" AND file.name !="_guide" SORT file.ctime ASC
```

**The "Definition of Done" Rule:** You are only allowed to add the `#processed` tag (or `status: done`) if you have done **at least one** of the following to that note:

1. **Created a Link:** You found a connection to another note (e.g., linking Mark Fischer to Anarchism).
2. **Extracted an Atomic Idea:** You wrote a _new_ Permanent Note based on a paragraph in the Literature Note.
3. **Refuted It:** You wrote a sentence explaining why you disagree with the note.